# README

System dependencies

- Ruby version ~ 2.7.1p83

- Rails version ~ 5.2

- Postgres version ~ 14.1

Modules

- Users
  A user can signup and signin.
  There should be also the required information in the users table.
  A user can have a display picture
- Products
  A user can create products.
  A user can edit/delete his own products.
  A product can have many images.
  A product has a unique serial number that is auto generated by the system.
- Comments
  A product can have many comments.
  A user cannot comment on his own product.
  A user can edit/delete his own comments.
  All comments are created without reloading the page.
  There are a list of comments of products at product show page
- Cart
  A user can add some products in his cart.
  A user cannot add his own products in his cart.
  A user can edit the quantity of the products that are in the cart.
  A user can remove products from his cart.
  If a user is not logged in our application and adds products in his cart then when he
  tries to checkout then he is asked to either signup or signin and after that all the
  products in the cart are mapped to his own cart.
- Checkout
  Implemented a Stripe as a payment method.
  Maintained all kind of data around user actions of orders/payments.
- Search
  There is a search field in the header of the application from where if a user tries
  to search for a product then the list is populated below the search field and upon
  clicking on the option a user is redirected to its show page.
- Coupons/Promo Codes
  Promo codes can be defined from the console.
  Promo codes have valid_til date, after which promo codes will no longer work.

Configuration

- add smpt mailer configurations for email confirmations

Database creation

- run rails db:create to create pg database

Database initialization

- un rails db:migrate to initialize database
